[IMP] accounting/l10n_ar: ecommerce electronic invoicing (#7792)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/argentina.rst

- The :guilabel:`Journal` in which the check is currently registered
- The **partner** associated with the operation (either customer or vendor).

> Ecommerce Electronic Invoicing

Reviewer: Add custom anchor to link to this section from the **Modules installation** section, and update heading casing to sentence case
```suggestion
.. _argentina/ecommerce-electronic-invoicing:

Ecommerce electronic invoicing
```

------------------------------

> To install the :guilabel:`Argentinian eCommerce` module go to :menuselection:`Apps` and search for 
> the module by its technical name `l10n_ar_website_sale` and click the :guilabel:`Activate` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the *Argentinian eCommerce* module go to :menuselection:`Apps` and search for the module
by its technical name `l10n_ar_website_sale` and click the :guilabel:`Activate` button on the
:guilabel:`Argentinian eCommerce` module.
```

.. image:: argentina/l10nar-fiscal-fields-ar-ecommerce.png
   :align: center 
   :alt: l10n_ar eCommerce module

> This module enables the features and configurations to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module enables the following features and configurations:
```

> - Clients being able to create online accounts for *eCommerce* purposes.
> - Support for required fiscal fields in the *eCommerce* application.
> - Receive payments for sale orders online.
> - Generate electronic documents from the *eCommerce* application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clients being able to create online accounts for eCommerce purposes.
- Support for required fiscal fields in the eCommerce application.
- Receive payments for sale orders online.
- Generate electronic documents from the eCommerce application.
```

.. note::

>    The Argentinian eCommerce module is dependent on the previous installation of the 
> **Invoicing** or **Accounting** Apps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The Argentinian eCommerce module is dependent on the previous installation of the *Invoicing*
   or *Accounting* apps.
```

   
Configurations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Once all of the configurations are made for the Argentinian :ref:`electronic invoice 
> <argentina/configure-your-company>` flow, it is also needed to complete certain configurations for 
> the eCommerce flow to be integrated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all of the configurations are made for the Argentinian :ref:`electronic invoice
<argentina/configure-your-company>` flow, it is also needed to complete certain configurations for
the eCommerce flow to be integrated.
```

> Client Account Registration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Client account registration
```

***************************

> It is possible to configure your website to select from the next options regarding client accounts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure your website for client accounts, navigate to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration
--> Settings --> Shop - Checkout Process` and select one of the following options:
```

> - **Optional**: It allows guests in the Website to register directly in the confirmation email from 
> their order
> - **Disabled (buy as guest)**: It allows guests to buy and pay without an account created
> - **Mandatory (no guest checkout)**: It is obligatory to create an account to be able to buy and pay 
> in the eCommerce
> 
> To access this configuration go to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings --> Shop - Checkout Process`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Optional`: allows guests on the website to register an account directly from the
  confirmation email of their order.
- :guilabel:`Disabled (buy as guest)`: allows guests to buy and pay without an account.
- :guilabel:`Mandatory (no guest checkout)`: to be able to buy and pay in *eCommerce*, it is
  obligatory to create an account.
```

.. note::

>    It is recommended to use the **Optional** or **Mandatory** options, since this will save the 
> contact and their fiscal information for future purchases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   It is recommended to use the :guilabel:`Optional` or :guilabel:`Mandatory` options, since this
   will save the contact and their fiscal information for future purchases.
```

> Automatic Invoice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatic invoice
```

*****************

> Configure your website so it is possible to generate electronic documents in the sale process by 
> going to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings --> Invoicing` and activating the 
> :guilabel:`Automatic Invoice` feature, which will automatically generate the required electronic 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure your website to generate electronic documents in the sale process by navigating to
:menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings --> Invoicing` and activating the
:guilabel:`Automatic Invoice` feature, which will automatically generate the required electronic
```

documents when the online payment is confirmed.

.. image:: argentina/l10nar-automatic-invoicing-ecommerce.png
   :align: center 
   :alt: Feature activated to invoice automatically
   

> Since an online payment needs to be confirmed for the :guilabel:`Automatic Invoice` feature to 
> generate the document, a :guilabel:`payment provider` should be configured for the related website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since an online payment needs to be confirmed for the :guilabel:`Automatic Invoice` feature to
generate the document, a *payment provider* should be configured for the related website.
```

.. note::
   Review the :doc:`../payment_providers` documentation for information on which payment providers
   are supported in Odoo, and how to configure them.
   
Products
********

> To be able to invoice your products at the point of an online payment confirmation, go to the desired 
> product and select the :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` to :guilabel:`Ordered quantities`.
> 
> Also, it is important to define the desired :guilabel:`Customer taxes`, since this is a required field 
> when creating an invoice that will be part of an electronic invoice flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow your products to be invoiced when an online payment is confirmed, navigate to the desired
product from :menuselection:`Website --> eCommerce --> Products` and on the :guilabel:`General
Information` tab, set the :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` to :guilabel:`Ordered quantities`.

Also, it is important to define the desired :guilabel:`Customer Taxes`, since this is a required
field when creating an invoice that will be part of an electronic invoice flow.
```

.. image:: argentina/l10nar-product-ecommerce.png
   :align: center 

>    :alt: Product configuration for Argentinian eCommerce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Product configuration for Argentinian eCommerce.
```

> Invoicing Flow for eCommerce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invoicing flow for eCommerce
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> When the configurations are all set, this feature will cover the next invoicing flow:
> 
> **Client account creation**: If the client does not have an account on your website already, they can 
> create a new one clicking in *Sign In* and in the *Don't have an account?* buttons. If you want to manage 
> the clients' access in the backend, review the :doc:`../portal_access` documentation.
> 
> **Input fiscal fields in the Checkout process**: As mentioned above, fiscal fields will be available to 
> be inputted in the checkout process, this data will enable the purchase to conclude in the corresponding 
> electronic document.
> 
> .. image:: argentina/l10nar-fiscal-fields-ar-ecommerce.png
>    :align: center 
>    :alt: Fiscal required fields for electronic invoicing
> 
> When the client makes a successful purchase and payment, the necessary invoice will be generated with the 
> correspondent layout and fiscal stamps stated in the :ref:`Invoice printed report <argentina/invoice-printed-report>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- | **Client account creation**:
  | If the client does not already have an account on your website, they can create a new one by
    from the website by selecting the :guilabel:`Sign In` button. Then they can select the
    :guilabel:`Don't have an account?` button to create an account. If you want to manage the
    clients' access in the backend, review the :doc:`../../general/users/portal` documentation.
- | **Input fiscal fields in the checkout process**:
  | Fiscal fields are available for input in the checkout process. Inputting this data will enable
    the purchase to conclude in the corresponding electronic document.

    .. image:: argentina/l10nar-fiscal-fields-ar-ecommerce.png
       :align: center
       :alt: Fiscal required fields for electronic invoicing.

    When the client makes a successful purchase and payment, the necessary invoice will be generated
    with the correspondent layout and fiscal stamps stated in the :ref:`Invoice printed report
    <argentina/invoice-printed-report>`.
```

  obligatory to create an account.

.. note::
   It is recommended to use the :guilabel:`Optional` or :guilabel:`Mandatory` options, since this
   will save the contact and their fiscal information for future purchases.

Automatic invoice
*****************

Configure your website to generate electronic documents in the sale process by navigating to
:menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings --> Invoicing` and activating the
:guilabel:`Automatic Invoice` feature, which will automatically generate the required electronic
documents when the online payment is confirmed.

.. image:: argentina/l10nar-automatic-invoicing-ecommerce.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Feature activated to invoice automatically.

Since an online payment needs to be confirmed for the :guilabel:`Automatic Invoice` feature to
generate the document, a *payment provider* should be configured for the related website.

.. note::
   Review the :doc:`../payment_providers` documentation for information on which payment providers
   are supported in Odoo, and how to configure them.

Products
********

To allow your products to be invoiced when an online payment is confirmed, navigate to the desired

> product from :menuselection:`Website --> eCommerce --> Products` and on the :guilabel:`General

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
product from :menuselection:`Website --> eCommerce --> Products`. On the :guilabel:`General
```

Information` tab, set the :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` to :guilabel:`Ordered quantities`.

> Also, it is important to define the desired :guilabel:`Customer Taxes`, since this is a required

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is important to define the desired :guilabel:`Customer Taxes`, since this is a required
```

field when creating an invoice that will be part of an electronic invoice flow.

.. image:: argentina/l10nar-product-ecommerce.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Product configuration for Argentinian eCommerce.

Invoicing flow for eCommerce
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When the configurations are all set, this feature will cover the next invoicing flow:

- | **Client account creation**:

>   | If the client does not already have an account on your website, they can create a new one by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  | If the client does not already have an account on your website, they can create a new one
```

>     from the website by selecting the :guilabel:`Sign In` button. Then they can select the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    from the website by selecting the :guilabel:`Sign In` button. Then, they can select the
```

- The :guilabel:`Journal` in which the check is currently registered
- The **partner** associated with the operation (either customer or vendor).

.. _argentina/ecommerce-electronic-invoicing:

Ecommerce electronic invoicing
------------------------------

To install the *Argentinian eCommerce* module, go to :menuselection:`Apps` and search for the module

> by its technical name, `l10n_ar_website_sale`.  Then, click the :guilabel:`Activate` button on the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
by its technical name, `l10n_ar_website_sale`. Then, click the :guilabel:`Activate` button on the
```
Extra space

   *Accounting* apps.

Configurations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Once all of the configurations are made for the Argentinian :ref:`electronic invoice
<argentina/configure-your-company>` flow, it is also necessary to complete certain configurations to
integrate the eCommerce flow.

Client account registration
***************************

To configure your website for client accounts, navigate to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration
--> Settings --> Shop - Checkout Process` and select one of the following options:

- :guilabel:`Optional`: allows guests on the website to register an account directly from the
  confirmation email of their order.
- :guilabel:`Disabled (buy as guest)`: allows guests to buy and pay without an account.
- :guilabel:`Mandatory (no guest checkout)`: requires the creation of an account to buy and pay in
  *eCommerce*. Guest checkout is **not** allowed.

.. note::
   Using the :guilabel:`Optional` or  :guilabel:`Mandatory` options is recommended since either will
   save the contact and their fiscal information for future purchases.

Automatic invoice
*****************

> Configure your website to generate electronic documents in the sale process by navigating to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure your website to generate electronic documents in the sales process by navigating to
```
(not a necessary change, but wanted to call it out)

documents when the online payment is confirmed.

.. image:: argentina/l10nar-automatic-invoicing-ecommerce.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Feature activated to invoice automatically.

Since an online payment needs to be confirmed for the :guilabel:`Automatic Invoice` feature to
generate the document, a *payment provider* **must** be configured for the related website.

.. note::
   Review the :doc:`../payment_providers` documentation for information on which payment providers
   are supported in Odoo, and how to configure them.

Products
********

To allow your products to be invoiced when an online payment is confirmed, navigate to the desired
product from :menuselection:`Website --> eCommerce --> Products`. On the :guilabel:`General
Information` tab, set the :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` to :guilabel:`Ordered quantities`.

It is important to define the desired :guilabel:`Customer Taxes`, since this is a required field
when creating an invoice that will be part of an electronic invoice flow.

.. image:: argentina/l10nar-product-ecommerce.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Product configuration for Argentinian eCommerce.

Invoicing flow for eCommerce
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> When the configurations are all set, this feature will cover the next invoicing flow:

Author: ```suggestion
When the past configurations are all set, clients will follow the next required steps in the Argentinian eCommerce flow:
```

> When the configurations are all set, this feature will cover the next invoicing flow:

Author: @samueljlieber adding this possible fix so the bullet points below are clearer. Thanks!

- | **Client account creation**:
  | Follow the instructions in the :doc:`checkout

>     <../../websites/ecommerce/checkout_payment_shipping/checkout>` documentation.

Author: @samueljlieber I think with the rephrasing of the past sentence these bullet points are clearer, stating what clients must follow as step by step (which are different from a regular eCommerce) so they end with a correctly generated electronic invoice document.
